SHE LEFT ME! SOB!;I feel too bad. Sob!;You don't know what it's like! Sob!;WAAAAAAH! Sob!
That's exactly what I need...sob!;Thanks, I needed to hear that...sob!;This will help me forget...sob!;That's exactly what I need. I hate real life....sob!
I need to clean myself up...sob.;I need to straighten myself out...sob.;I need more booze...sob.;I need the energy sword...sob.
Let's go! <muffled sob>;Really? <muttering sob>;YOU DON"T KNOW ME! SOB!;IT'S LIGHT RED! WRACKING SOB!
Smooth... I'm over it;Quelle surprise...;So what's your deal;Umm, ok... 
Uh, anyway...;<Rolls eyes>;Whatever.;Ewww.
Heh, totally.;I know, right?;I don't own a TV.;In your dreams, douche.
I DON'T care.  I was just... Ugh, whatever.;Sure, it was shitty small talk anyway...;Save it for your couples therapy.;That's vile, and so are you.
Trying to roofie me?;I can buy my own drinks.;Fuck these rich cunts.  Let me get you one.;Good.
Fuck's sake, weirdo.;Yeah, I can tell.;Good.;Not yet, champ.
Boring.;Those chumps?;That show is hot as fuck.;This ass?
Now? Not at all.;Better not to get involved, we got our own thing goin' on here.;You trying to get with him, or me?;I've done worse.
Good service!;A man who responds to commands!;No cash, no gash!;I would drink a drink from you anyway.
What's your ish?;What does that even mean?;Playing hard to get?;I might be...
Playing hard to get, eh?;Why were you in a minivan?;I don't understand how anyone can watch all that like swords and stuff.;Why don't you get a handful then?
Hey, I'm sensitive!;I like a man with the right priorities.;Ugh...so much drama!;Oh Em Gee, DTF!
Oh stop! You're far too kind.;Me too. I almost cried a little up there.;That's so sweet of you!;Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit you know!
You're such a good friend! I wish more people were open and honest like you.;<giggles>;What a beautiful thing to say.;<blushes> You're incorrigible!
I feel truly blessed to have shared the experience with you!;Me too!;Sure! I find all forms of faith to be beautiful.;Good for you! It's important to have strong convictions.
WOW! That's amazing! You're an incredible person to be so giving of yourself.;Isn't dancing the best? My favourite dance is the tango. It's so... sensual.;<blushes> Well... it's good to set new records I suppose!;Umm... That's... nice?
Yes sir he will.  And thanks.;That's so brave of you, but the Bible teaches us that God will revenge us to stop us having to seek revenge ourselves.;Ooh, racy! It's horrible that she betrayed your privacy though.;Ho ho! You kidder...
Umm... Us? Thing is, I'm just a device that's supposed to give you a sense of hope that everything will turn out as you expect. That Bennie will be happy and that you'll get paid off with success. Unfortunately that's just so trite and you're so patently undeserving of a payoff that both you and Bennie end up alone.;Umm... Us? Thing is, I'm just a device that's supposed to give you a sense of hope that everything will turn out as you expect. That Bennie will be happy and that you'll get paid off with success. Unfortunately that's just so trite and you're so patently undeserving of a payoff that both you and Bennie end up alone.;Umm... Us? Thing is, I'm just a device that's supposed to give you a sense of hope that everything will turn out as you expect. That Bennie will be happy and that you'll get paid off with success. Unfortunately that's just so trite and you're so patently undeserving of a payoff that both you and Bennie end up alone.;Umm... Us? Thing is, I'm just a device that's supposed to give you a sense of hope that everything will turn out as you expect. That Bennie will be happy and that you'll get paid off with success. Unfortunately that's just so trite and you're so patently undeserving of a payoff that both you and Bennie end up alone. 